Previously on Siren...
This will end
very badly.
You need
to find her sister.
Close the glass!
Come on. let's get
out of here. okay?
This part tells us
where you are.
I come back.
Donna?
Hey. are you all right?
I think you might be
in shock.
Hey. it's me.
Chris?!
Chris. you're alive?!
Chris!
He needs help. man.
She found her sister.
Home. We lost her.
That's the place
where they held Chris.
They're wiping out
all of the evidence.
They'll be coming for him.
They taste better cold.
On the house.
Thanks.
You're
a hard man to track down.
Glad to see you
looking so healthy.
You remember me?
I saw you at that...
place.
What do you want?
We found that nurse's car
out by Libbey Beach.
When we didn't find you.
we were concerned.
because the woman
you left with.
that nurse. she's...
A nut job?
Unstable.
She's killed several people.
Yeah?
She is extremely violent.
Now. do you know
where she is?
No.
She bolted
as soon as we got
to the beach. okay?
I haven't seen her since.
Glad to hear it.
Yeah.
But if you don't mind.
I want you to tell me
everything
you know about her.
♪ Let the wall break down ♪
Hey.
You want to tell me
where you've been?
Hey. I took the boat out
early this morning.
Really? 'Cause I was here
super early.
and there was no boat
and no you.
Okay. Last night.
Female Dragon Fish.
Deep sea species. right?
Lives 2.000 feet down.
so how'd it wind up
floating dead at the surface?
It must have died
near the top.
Where'd you find it?
Out past the Northern Break.
Let me guess.
At the coordinates
where Ryn's tracker dropped out?
Yeah. you know the place.
We've been there
a thousand times.
Yeah. but not alone
and not in the middle
of the night.
It's kind of extreme. dude.
Kind of stupid.
I just want to know if things
are okay where she is.
It's been a month.
She could be anywhere
by now.
Plus. I...
What?
I miss you.
We had this huge thing
happen to us.
and I feel like
we should be closer.
but it feels like
you're not here.
I am. all right?
I'm right here.
Are you?
Yes. I am.
I'm here.
Well. darlin'.
I'll send in these labs.
and we should get
a yea or nay
on that medical trial
in the next day or so.
Fingers crossed?
By the by.
I. ran into Ben.
Then you've seen him
more than I have
in the last month.
How did he look?
Whole thing seemed a bit off
to tell you the truth.
Kelly Osterman's
water broke.
so I ended up heading out
to go see them
on-board
their four sleeper.
On the way back in.
I passed Ben heading
out in his trawler.
What was off about that?
Well. it was 3 AM.
Was he alone?
Yeah. I'm pretty sure he was.
He wasn't with. you know.
Dale Bishop's girl?
No. Maddie wasn't there.
Thought maybe they were
on the outs actually.
Not that I'm aware of.
What would make you
think that?
About a month ago.
Ben called me twice
to check on
this damsel in distress
he picked up
by the side of the road.
The girl was never there
when I showed up.
either time.
And the second time.
Ben was out cold
on the docks.
I don't know.
Seems to me
the kind of thing
people might break up over.
That's just my boy.
He's always on a mission
to save some...
sad thing.
Anyways.
thank you for that.
Please don't tell him
that I...
Winston. why would I
rat you out?
You're how I know
what my son's up to.
How about we go out.
you know.
like regular people.
take you to dinner?
We can get drunk.
have clumsy sex.
Like regular people?
Yeah.
regular clumsy people.
Guys!!
Okay.
It's cool. Sorry.
Keep goin' with that.
There was a nasty accident
on the fishing lanes.
It was a local boat.
Guy's lucky the line
didn't slice off his arm.
How'd it happen?
Last month. '
we've been fishin'
our asses off.
crews are tired.
guys are gettin' hurt.
The money's great.
but we can't keep this up.
Somebody's gonna die.
You gotta slow down. man.
I mean.
what about the fishing
and game regulations?
Quotas?
I don't know about that.
but right now. they got us
pullin' everything.
Young. old. sick. weird.
No one seems to care.
I care. You care.
And I know you guys
are just trying
to make a living.
but people
are getting hurt. Xan.
It's not worth it.
- Let's do something
about it.
All right.
All right. I'm done.
All right. find out
what you can from your dad
and the guys on the lanes
and see who's
allowing all this.
I'll figure out what's
happening on the fishery side.
what we're doing
with all this junk fish.
Hey. you mind
if we take this?
Yeah. sure.
It's not good eatin'.
but.
yeah. have at it.
- Have fun.
- Thanks.
Pownall Seafood.
They told me you were here.
Thanks. Bertie.
Thought I was dreaming.
Ha ha.
Been a little while.
hasn't it?
Yeah. I'm sorry.
It's been busy
at the Center.
I'd like to think
you're here to say hi
to your own dad.
but I think I know
better than that
by now. don't I?
What's up. kiddo?
Doug told me you were
thinking about bringing me on.
environmental consultant?
I didn't know
he said anything.
Listen. I know
it's not your bag.
but just. before
you make a decision.
just hear me out.
Let's do it.
Really?
You serious?
You're not screwin'
with me?
No. I'm in.
You don't know.
This is...
This is a big deal to me.
I want to help you
find a better way to fish.
Maybe even make you guys
some more money.
I think we're fishing
just fine.
but if you think
you've got a way
to make me more money.
I'm all ears.
All right.
why don't you come by
tomorrow morning?
See how we do things.
and then we can talk.
And. in the meantime.
welcome aboard. son.
Hey.
How'd it go
with your dad?
He was real excited
to have me on board.
Ahem...
which kind of sucked.
actually.
Of course it did.
I told you it would.
Yeah. I hate
not telling him the truth.
What'd you find out here?
Absence of enzymes
in the digestive tract.
Irregular ammonia levels.
Death by starvation.
What's up. party people?
- I got dinner.
- Thanks. Jerry.
- Thanks.
- Bone app-o-titty.
Sushi? Really. Jer?
Dealer's choice.
I'm outta here. Tchk!
All right.
You know this isn't
what I was thinking
when I said.
"Let's have dinner
like regular people"?
No?
Not exactly.
All right.
How about we skip dinner
and just get straight
to the clumsy sex part?
Works for me.
Yeah. I remember you.
Hey.
It's her tracker.
She's coming back.
Ben. over here.
Maddie? Look at this.
Think it's her sister?
Maybe.
Says she's off the beach.
She's in the woods.
We're just
a little bit behind.
You go.
I'll collect a sample.
Okay.
Yes. sir. as far
as he's concerned.
she's just
a deranged nurse.
So the fisherman's no longer
a threat to the project?
If anything. he helped.
He confirmed that she
disappeared at Libbey Beach.
So we mapped
a logical trajectory
off the coast.
We were able to isolate
sound patterns
100 miles offshore.
They match recordings
from our specimen
in Bremerton.
And you heard it?
She's out there?
Or others
very much like her.
Better hope you found her.
Stop!
You follow.
Water.
You come back.
You know their words.
We need help...
from the people.
No!
I know people hurt you.
But some are good.
Will help us.
Come.
Put it on.
No!
Wa... ter.
I will stay.
You go.
We need the people.
Now.
Come in.
I've got
the latest rendering.
The engineer designed it
to your specifications. sir.
As requested.
the system allows you to
introduce a sedative
into the water.
One touch will fully
immobilize a specimen.
She told me to assure you
there is no chance
of repeating Bremerton.
Thank you. Nina.
Any sign of them?
Just this.
Ryn's tracker.
Helen's Antiquities.
Ryn's back.
Why on earth
would she come back?
-We don't know.
-Well. you know
if she shows up here.
I'll send her
right back to the water.
Where are you?
We're on our way
to the Research Center.
Look. if you see her just...
Okay. I'm lockin' up.
I'll see you there.
I didn't really think
she'd go there.
I thought for sure
she'd be at the houseboat.
Me. too.
It's your mom.
Hell. no.
I can't.
Worst timing ever.
Yeah.
Hello?
Hello. dear.
Elaine Pownall.
Hi.
It's your mother.
I'm not here.
What a surprise.
It's. It's nice
to hear from you.
Thank you. dear.
Listen. I was thinking
that maybe it's time
you and I got to know
each other.
I'd like to take you
to lunch.
Lunch.
That's so nice of you.
How's tomorrow?
Captain's Reef. 1:30?
Does that work for you?
Yes. Thanks.
I'll see you then. Goodbye.
Okay. bye.
So you're going
to lunch with her?
I guess I am.
Okay.
Fun... for you.
We've barely ever spoken
a word to each other.
She has to stop
and think of my name
every time she sees me.
My advice. cocktails.
Large ones.
All right.
Trespassing call.
north side near the high school.
Couple of randos are running
through backyards.
You don't need to drive
out there. Clarence.
We're shorthanded.
The sheriff's out of town.
Just log it.
No.
lady seemed pretty upset.
Said her kid saw
a couple of females
running around.
and one of them
was Porky Piggin' it.
Porky Piggin' it?
Yeah. shirt. no pants.
That is a lewd
and lascivious. Officer.
Seriously. nothin'
but a Whalers jersey on.
That sounds more like
a bachelorette
party gone south.
Safe.
We wait.
Ryn.
This Ben.
Maddie.
Good people.
This is your sister?
Yes.
Hello.
Donna.
Donna?
That's your name?
We need help.
Ben? Maddie?
You found her.
Hello. Ryn.
- No. no!
- My God.
The other one.
Ryn came back
with her sister.
Yeah. I can see that.
But why?
Why did you
come back. Ryn?
We need food.
It's getting worse.
isn't it?
Now nothing to hunt.
To eat.
Sister. me.
All dying.
Food!
Them...
take!
No. no. no. no.
We... We didn't kill it.
We were...
We were studying it.
Friends.
Look. we want
to help you.
Hey. calm down!
Hey!
Ryn! Water!
Now!
No.
My sister not bad.
It's her instinct.
That's all.
She was confused.
Yeah. of course.
she was confused.
She sided with you
instead of her own sister.
Have you two ever fought
like that before?
No.
Yeah. she felt betrayed.
It's unnatural.
They don't belong here.
You're only here
because those fishermen
stole your sister
from the water.
And God knows what
the military did to her.
Sister was hurt.
A man took her blood.
her skin.
I'm sorry.
For her. people are bad.
No trust.
There are
a lot of bad people.
They're stealing your food.
Maybe even my own family.
Ben. we don't know
if that's true.
We do know that.
Xander said it.
They're out fishing
night and day.
catching everything.
And the dead marine life?
It's no accident.
We are gonna figure it out.
We're gonna stop it.
What about the sister?
She's out there
roaming the streets.
Do you think your sister
went back to the ocean?
No.
Will not go without me.
Blood will bring shark.
She need place to...
- To heal?
- Yes.
But will come for me.
I'm thinking it'd be
a whole lot safer
at the houseboat.
Yeah. for sure.
Somewhere with a door.
Every single time.
right?
- Hey. Listen...
- Look at that.
Go Whalers!
Yeah. girl.
Hey! What are you
doin' in here?!
Get away from there!
Stupid meth heads.
You can't do that!
Holy jeez!
Hey. Dad.
Thanks.
What happened?
Hey. Yeah.
thank you very much.
Okay. listen to this.
Some. half-naked girl
tried to eat the catch
right out of the bins.
Then she beat the hell
out of Wally Merton.
- Big Wally?
- Yeah?
Why?
I have no idea. I guess
he was trying to stop her.
That's a new one.
So. where do you
want to start?
I was thinking I'd take
the day to get up to speed.
Check out
the different departments.
see how you're
doing things these days.
That sounds good.
Schoenville Markets.
I got a big lunch meeting
with these guys today.
All right. do your thing.
Okay.
We'll see you later.
Yeah.
You tryin' to sneak
Cap'n Crunch
into my galley?
What are you.
like. six?
It's not mine. bitch.
Hey. it's got ten essential
vitamins and minerals in it.
It's my Cap'n Crunch.
You mean you slobs haven't
cleaned out the pantry
since I've been gone?
- Chris!
- Hey. man.
- Dude!
- You good?
Man!
Hey. buddy.
You good?
What the hell are you
doing here. man?
Well. you know.
I missed the stink of chopped
squid and cod's blood.
I don't know
about this. man.
They're gonna find
you here. dude.
They already have.
This guy from the facility
tracked me down.
Wait. all the way
to Alaska?
Yeah. I know. Crazy.
But. apparently.
all he wanted to know about
was the nurse that I drove
to Libbey Beach with.
So 3.000 miles to find out
about a nurse?
Yeah.
she's wanted. dude.
for. like.
multiple homicides.
I was ridin' with
a legit psycho killer.
I'm lucky to be alive.
That and because
that mermaid almost
killed you before that.
Dude says
it wasn't a mermaid.
What exactly did they
take from us?
He tell you that?
Said it was a rare fish.
Okay. yeah. whatever.
Look. man. yeah. maybe...
maybe it is some big cover-up.
Who knows?
But I'm done runnin'.
Look. if they found me
up there.
they're gonna find me
anywhere.
I'd rather be in danger
here with you guys
than all alone
up in Butthole. Alaska.
So this here is
top shelf. my friend.
We can crack it open
if you give me my job back.
- All right.
- Yeah?
Yeah. All right.
I mean. I'd rather
have that mermaid.
but I guess we'll have to
settle for your sorry ass.
- It's not a mermaid.
- Yeah. whatever.
- Just shut up and pour.
- All right.
Petty Officer Montero?
Yes. sir?
Just picked up
a report from the local
sheriff's office
at Bristol Cove.
Washington.
Seems a young woman
assaulted a 250-pound
dock worker.
Sir. what would you
like me to do about it. sir?
I need you to get me
a detailed description
of the suspect.
Are you gonna
be okay by yourself?
Okay.
Yes.
Pretty.
This?
I bought it for a wedding.
It's not my thing really.
I'm having lunch
with Ben's mother.
Mother.
What is mother?
Well...
Family.
Mother.
You have mother?
Yes. but she's gone.
Dead?
No. I...
I don't know.
Just gone.
Family important.
Yes. family is...
love.
You are love.
Thank you.
To stay safe
if you need it.
I miss you.
I missed you. too.
Bye-bye.
Yeah. okay.
Bye.
Let me show you
the line here.
This is from a load
of sockeye we got
this morning.
It seems like a lot
a bycatch mixed up
in the haul.
It's a new client.
Coastal Mills
has been buying.
like. anything we got.
Coastal Mills?
I've never hard of 'em.
Nobody has
until about a month ago.
Trucks just started
showing up.
They've been buying
the stuff up
faster than we can
load it in the bins.
Ben!
Got a second?
- Thanks. man.
- Sure.
They found him
all the way in Alaska.
- In Alaska. man.
- Crazy.
And this Decker guy
told Chris what?
That the psycho nurse
killed a bunch of people
and he needed to find her.
That doesn't make any sense.
'Cause if she really was
this homicidal maniac.
then the cops would have
been looking for Chris.
not this Decker dude.
some whacko fish doctor.
Right. He's lying.
Something happened
in that place.
They wanted to find out
what Chris knew.
Yeah. only he was
too drugged up
to know anything.
so this Decker guy
just let him be.
What'd you find out here?
You ever heard of a company
called Coastal Mills?
No. Why?
They're the ones buying up
all that junk fish
you guys
have been hauling in.
I'm gonna try and figure out
who they are.
So maybe
this Decker's connected.
Well. let me know
what you find out.
I gotta go.
Told the guys that
I would buy some pizza
to sop up the whisky.
Thank you for coming.
Well. thank you
for inviting me.
Thanks.
You have to try
Crab Louis salad.
It's delicious.
Thanks.
So how's my boy
been lately?
I never hear
from him anymore.
I know the two of you
are busy with your work
at the Center.
Yeah. we have been.
We have this rescue
that's super demanding.
It's eating up
a lot of Ben's time.
He gets deep in it.
you know?
I know.
So how are you.
the two of you?
We're fine.
Great. actually.
Good to hear.
What did you rescue?
A wounded seal pup.
I know what's going on.
I love my son.
but he has issues.
Everybody has issues.
Ben's a brilliant thinker.
but he gets lost
in his own mind.
and he...
he shuts people out.
even his own mother.
He does lose himself
in his work.
All his little
wounded creatures.
He's devoted to them.
Are you
his current rescue?
Excuse me?
Don't take that
the wrong way.
I was his first.
What are you watching?
Something stupid
with a monkey.
What can I do you for.
handsome?
Nothing. actually.
I. brought you
a coffee.
Still like it black
with a little bit of sugar?
Since before
you could carry it.
Hey. I was thinking
about taking my dad
out for lunch.
Isn't that sweet.
but he's already at lunch.
with the buyer
from Schoenville Market?
Mind if I wait here
till he gets back?
Like you have to ask.
Pownall Seafood.
No. no.
He's not here right now.
No. No.
Thank you. Bye.
What is it?
Pownall Seafood.
Yes. well. Tuesday.
Tuesday would be wonderful.
Yes. yes.
He was consumed
with finding a cure
or some miracle treatment
to get me back on my feet.
He hated seeing you suffer.
That's sort of what drives him.
Yes. Thank you.
He spent an entire year
online after my accident
researching
spinal cord regeneration
and calling clinics
around the world.
He didn't sleep.
Yeah.
Not sleeping is a thing
with him sometimes.
He fixates.
While he's rescuing you.
you're... you're everything.
I'm sure he helped you
get over your mother
when you were
first together.
But soon enough.
another wounded creature
comes along.
and he dives
right in after her.
Do you need
to get that. dear?
Sorry. I... I kinda do.
Another drink.
Ms. Pownall?
Actually. Andrea.
I'll have the rosé
that I love.
Thank you. Maddie?
Would you like something?
Well. if it's Ben. please
tell him I said hello.
I'm so sorry.
but I... I have to go.
It's...
A new rescue?
It's the same rescue.
actually.
because your son
doesn't give up on things.
And by the way.
I'm not a rescue.
Okay.
Well. thank you
for coming.
Thanks for the salad.
Actually. Andrea.
could you make that rosé
a martini. please?
So this company.
Coastal Mills.
reached out to my dad.
offered to buy up
all the bycatch
Pownall could deliver.
And... and who runs
Coastal Mills?
No one knows.
They don't exist online.
No one at Pownall's
ever heard of them.
There's no record
of what happens to the stuff
after they take it.
It's like the trucks
just leave the fisheries
and then disappear.
And Xander said
the Department of Fish and Game
stopped grounding
and fining boats
for overfishing a month ago
right around the same time.
So the government's
letting it happen.
They're making it happen.
They're staving them out
so they can catch
more of them.
There you are.
I've been looking
all over for you.
I thought you might be
by the water.
It's okay.
I'm a friend.
Thought
you might be hungry.
It's okay.
We want the same thing.
Want to go back
to the water?
But not without your sister?
I can help.
You?
Yes.
You can trust me. because...
I am one of you.
They want to hurt us?
They want to catch you.
Danger to go home.
Yes.
Not safe on land.
Not safe in water.
Nowhere is safe.
We're gonna change that.
We'll make it safe
for you
to be wherever
you want to be.
How?
No. screw that. man. okay?
None of this would have
ever happened if that...
that freak fish hadn't
messed me up. you know?
Did you ever ask
this Decker jerk
what they did with the fish?
They're studying it
or something.
Who knows?
Stop asking me
about it. okay?
It's good to be home.
Good to be home.
Hey. it's Ben.
Leave me a message.
Ben. dude...
I'm just checkin' in.
and wonderin'
what you found out.
'cause...
'cause this Decker guy.
I'm thinkin' he's the one.
That he's behind it all.
Ben. he ain't gonna
stop until he gets her back.